c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.exe.config
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.exe
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.pdb
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.g.resources
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.exe
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.pdb
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.dll
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.dll
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.pdb
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.xml
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.xml
c:\users\estev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\OverwatcherWpf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.dll
c:\Users\estev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\OverwatcherWpf\OverwatcherWpf\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.xml
